Now let me show you a different
solution to what an action to a button.
Let's go back to record.
In the description,
our delayed one click property.
And now I'll define the code associated
with a button directly into the Java code.
So here after re-tweeting our
reference to the blue button.
I'll attach un-click listener tweet.
ButtonBlue.setOnClickListener.
So I then I associate an object
with the blue button,
which will listen to the click event.
And when this event occurs,
this object will be called and
this specific method will be called.
So let's say that this, the main activity,
which will in fact listen for the event.
So of course,
main activity is not on click listener,
so we need to make it implement
the on click listener.
I mean that we'll have to
implement the on click method, and
read to generate the skeleton for us.
And now we just need to indicate, what do
we need to do when the button is clicked.
It's with user copy this line here, or
you can directly call to the method,
since it's already reaching.
Okay, now we've attached
an action with the first button,
the blue button, but
not with the pink one.
Let's do that for this button as well.
Okay and I'll just try it.
When I click on the To Do
on the pink button,
I come to to do, to do, to do pop up.
And when I click on the blue
button it disappears.
Now, I'll show you a different way to
add the button to the graphical user
interface, directly from the JAVA code.